Restructure introduction to specification (#106)
sa-tre/satre-specification: docs/source/standard.md

<!-- What this document intends to do (and what it doesn't), the level of detail we aim for contrasted with other technical standards -->

## Design

### Overview

> The SATRE specification has been designed to follow a capability-evaluation model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SATRE specification follows a capability-evaluation model.
```

The specification is presented in terms of capabilities teams should aim for across all aspects of TRE provision.

> These capabilities in turn are broken down into components, which are represented by statements of processes, methods and practices teams should have in place to ensure they fulfil the capability requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These capabilities in turn are broken down into components.
Each component is a statement of a processes, method or practice teams should have in place to ensure they fulfil the capability requirements.
```

Does 'process, method or practice' cover every component?

> Any particular component is labeled as `Mandatory`, `Recommended` or `Optional` in order to meet the specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any particular component is labeled as `Mandatory`, `Recommended` or `Optional`.
```

Currently, teams are able to either meet the specification (show they can fulfil all `Mandatory` components) or not.

> Future versions of the specification may introduce more granular levels of evaluation, for instance tiered level of accreditation based on fulfilment of `Mandatory`, `Recommended` and `Optional` components respectively.

Reviewer: We should have an explanation of what we mean by these terms.

Is it something like,

- Mandatory: We think this is required, if it doesn't have this, it isn't a TRE
- Recommended: We (strongly) feel that TREs should have this. It makes a TRE better
- Optional: We think many TREs would benefit from this but there are reasons to _not_ do this

Any particular TRE implementation should be able to score itself against each capability as either "supported", "partially supported" or "unsupported" (see {ref}`evaluation` for details).

### Architecture

```{figure} ../images/Architecture.svg
:alt: SATRE Specification Architecture
:align: center

> ```

Reviewer 2: Could make the components more generic eg. `Component 1` etc. rather than promising we'll have controls, business processes, applications and tech components for each capability

The SATRE specification contains four key parts:

- **Architectural Principles**: The governing principles that all teams looking to use the specification should hold themselves accountable to
- **Specification Pillars**: The broad, core areas of TRE provision the specification covers
- **TRE Capabilities**: The capabilities within these pillars teams can measure themselves against

> - **TRE Capability Components**: The decomposed statements concerning processes, methods and practices that make up a capability, labeled as `Mandatory`, `Recommended` or `Optional`

Reviewer 2: What does decomposed mean here?

Author: IT initially came from @machintim 's 'Capability Decompositions', will remove for now and slightly amend wording to be more specific (as we are moving to more general Component 1, 2... above)

### Pillars and Capability Map

```{figure} ../images/Capability_Map.svg
:alt: SATRE Pillars Capability Map
:align: center
```

The SATRE Specification contains three core pillars for a TRE:

- **{ref}`information governance <standard_capability_information_governance>`**: What the organisation does to ensure information risk is measured and managed to an acceptable level
- **{ref}`computing technology <standard_capability_computing_technology>`**: What the organisation does to manage systems for storing, retrieving, and sending information

> - **{ref}`data management <standard_capability_data_management>`**: What the organisation does to manage data assets and ensure information remains secure

Reviewer: Again, a definition list may be neater here.

> In addition to these capabilities, any organisation running a TRE (TRE organisation) will need to possess various **{ref}`supporting capabilities <standard_capability_supporting>`**, particularly around:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to these capabilities, any organisation running a TRE (TRE organisation) will need to possess various {ref}`supporting capabilities <standard_capability_supporting>`, particularly around:
```

<!-- What this document intends to do (and what it doesn't), the level of detail we aim for contrasted with other technical standards -->

## Design

### Overview

The SATRE specification follows a capability-evaluation model.

The specification is presented in terms of capabilities teams should aim for across all aspects of TRE provision.

> These capabilities in turn are broken down into components.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These capabilities are broken down into components.
```
